The decompiler pipeline is proven end-to-end on two real test cases (a PLT
thunk and a full function with stack frame, branches, and indirect calls).
Both passed detailed verification — real structured pseudocode, not
reformatted disassembly. Time to wire this into the actual app.

Add a JNI function in peek_jni.cpp:

    external fun decompileFunction(handle: Long, address: Long): String

Implementation:
1. Look up the function's address range from the existing functions table
   (same data already used to render the ASM tab) — given a function's start
   address, get its byte range from the loaded binary using the same
   data/lookup path the ASM tab already uses.
2. Pull the raw bytes for that range from the loaded binary (already in
   memory/mapped from the existing ELF parsing — reuse that, don't re-read
   the file).
3. Run those bytes through the SAME pipeline already proven in
   host_test/decompile_test.cpp: SLEIGH lift (using the bundled
   AARCH64.sla from assets) → p-code → decompiler action pipeline →
   pretty-print.
4. Return the resulting pseudocode string across JNI.

Caching: add a `pseudocode` column to the functions table (TEXT, nullable).
On first decompile of a function, store the result. On subsequent requests
for the same function, return the cached value instead of re-running the
pipeline.

Threading: this must run on a background thread/coroutine — never the UI
thread. While waiting, the UI should show a loading state.

UI: add a "Pseudocode" entry to the existing tab system (respecting the
view-options toggle already built — same mechanism as ASM/Hex/Exports/
Imports). Selecting it for the currently-active function calls
decompileFunction and displays the returned string in a scrollable,
monospace text view — reuse styling consistent with the existing ASM tab
(same font/colors where it makes sense) but this is a single text block, not
a per-row instruction layout.

Apply the same text-selection fix already done for the ASM tab
(textIsSelectable="true") to this pseudocode view too, so long-press/copy
works the same way.

Test this against JNI_OnLoad specifically (the real function in the loaded
.so, not the test harness) and report the EXACT literal pseudocode string
that appears in the app's Pseudocode tab. It should match (or very closely
resemble — real addresses instead of test addresses, possibly different
GOT/PLT offsets) what the host test already produced for this same
function. If it differs significantly in structure (different number of
locals, missing branches, fewer/more call expressions than the host test
produced), say so explicitly — that would mean something is different
between the host test's manually-fed bytes and what's actually being read
from the live binary in-app (e.g. wrong address range, wrong byte offset,
endianness, or base-address handling), and needs debugging rather than
being shipped as-is.